CC 1.0.0 - Updating quick start and supported features [4.0.0] (#5012)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide/quick-start-guide-kubernetes-with-apim.md

## Step 1 - Setup Choreo Connect and K8s API Operator in Kubernetes

> 1.  Download and Extract Choreo Connect distribution zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Download and extract Choreo Connect distribution .zip file.
```

>     Latest Choreo Connect distribution can be downloaded from the [page](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases). Extract the Choreo Connect distribution zip. Extracted folder will be called as `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME` hereafter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The latest Choreo Connect distribution can be downloaded from the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases). Extract the Choreo Connect distribution .zip file. the extracted folder will be referred to as `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME` hereafter.
```
